# SuperBombermanR_Remake
 A fan remake of Super Bomberman R in a custom C++ engine, partially provided by Howest university of applied sciences and further developed by me. Due to the engine containing code that has to be developed and graded throughout the curriculum, I am only able to share the code for the game.

## Some interesting code:
 - [void Node::NotifyDamageTaken(Direction damageDirection, int steps, bool penetrate)](https://github.com/EliasDeHerdt/SuperBombermanR_Remake/blob/2052b5f59114db15459d6206007f151bc79bca14/Node.cpp#L129) Notifies all players on the Node to take damage, changes the node from brittle wall to empty, tells the particle burst emitter to burst some explosion particles on the Node, and finally passes the damage to the next Node in the given direction.
 - [void NodeGrid::LoadLevel()](https://github.com/EliasDeHerdt/SuperBombermanR_Remake/blob/2052b5f59114db15459d6206007f151bc79bca14/NodeGrid.cpp#L54) Loads in a text file and parses it to load in a certain level lay-out. This lay-out can be easily made and editted by changing the signs in the text file.
 - [PostChromaticAberration.cpp](https://github.com/EliasDeHerdt/SuperBombermanR_Remake/blob/2052b5f59114db15459d6206007f151bc79bca14/PostChromaticAberration.cpp) In this file, I interact with DirectX11 to apply postfx to the screen.
 - [void Bomberman::MoveToNeighboringNode(Direction direction)](https://github.com/EliasDeHerdt/SuperBombermanR_Remake/blob/2052b5f59114db15459d6206007f151bc79bca14/Bomberman.cpp#L344) Due to players needing to be able to stand in the same Node a bomb is placed on, I can not apply a collision box on the Bomb or the collision detection will throw the player in a direction at insane speeds. As a workaround, I made a a function that checks which Node the player wants to enter. If this Node is occupied by a Bomb, the player's movement is changed to a teleport to the edge of the Node he is trying to leave, making it look like the Bomb has collision.
 - [Button.cpp](https://github.com/EliasDeHerdt/SuperBombermanR_Remake/blob/2052b5f59114db15459d6206007f151bc79bca14/Button.cpp) In this file, I created my own implementation of a Button. This class can check for mouse inputs and it can even be set up to work with keyboard inputs.
